# About-Me
I hold Master's degree in Communication Systems and my passion lies in creating web applications utilizing modern technologies. I am a software engineer with experience in building full-stack web applications. My primary languages include JavaScript, HTML, CSS, React and Java. I am enjoying building full-stack web applications and working with different tools in the process of their creation. On one of my recent projects, Employee Reimbursement System, I worked with my team to build a responsive web application using React, JavaScript, HTML and CSS for front-end, Implemented server-side technologies such as Java, PostgreSQL databases, Spring technologies, and Amazon Web Services. Postman and JUnit for testing. Furthermore, I have worked on team project environments that follows the Agile workflow methodology.
In my previous experience, I have worked as a Web Developer Intern in Quest Technologies in India. Apart from that I have also worked as a Data Analyst and Project Coordinator in Fibtel Telecom Solutions, India. Working with engineers from various departments has given me excellent experience in written and vocal communication across several mediums. Working at Reavture has allowed me to polish my skills and improve on myself as an all round professional. In my spare time, you might find me spending time with my family and working on crafts and arts. I am looking forward to my bright future in the computer science field and working with your team!
•	I like to go on fishing and explore new views
•	Keen interest in nature trails and crafts
 

